Leader, the Northern General Cheng Wang sent an invitation to Han,
Invite the Zhan family to go to the wife’s birthday party attended by the president of the Shanghui Association.
Northern General Shewang, I finally contacted Northern General Shewang.
If you fight against me, you will be useless.
I'm telling you, when I come back from the club,
Still, boy,
Still here, who invited you, Dongbao,
This local child, where are you going?
Even if you run fast, you can wait until the meeting is over.
I want him, life is worse than death,
Ah, I didn’t expect that my traveler would also be invited.
Just let the Beijiang God King
Let me stir his wife
Invite Hua Guo for trial leave
Why?
In order to stay together, Dong Wang
It doesn't act the same to me
He's guiding everyone
Today let Prince Beijiang and Mr. Hua
Thank you all Xuangui for coming.
Come and participate in our main killer Aiqi’s birthday experience
This is our main killer, Nike.
Since it is the birthday of Beijiang God King Aiqi,
Why don’t you see the Beijiang God King?
You fight with those three people